Revise linear gradient section (#136)
googlefonts/colr-gradients-spec: colr-gradients-spec.md

**5.7.11.1.2.2 Linear gradients**

> A linear gradient provide gradation of colors along a straight line. The gradient is defined by two points, p₀ and p₁, plus a color line, with stop offset 0 aligned to p₀ and stop offset 1.0 aligned to p₁. Colors between p₀ and p₁ are interpolated using the color line.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A linear gradient provide gradation of colors along a straight line. The gradient is defined by two points, P₀ and P₁, plus a color line, with stop offset 0 aligned to P₀ and stop offset 1.0 aligned to Pp₁. Colors between P₀ and P₁ are interpolated using the color line.
```

Upper case is used below, suggest to keep it consistent.

Author: Lowercase was used in figure 5.12, and that's most work to change. So I meant to use lc consistently. Thanks for pointing out the inconsistencies.

> An additional point, p₂, is also used to rotate the gradient orientation in the space on either side of the line defined by P₀ and P₁. The vector from P₀ to P₂ can be referred to as the *rotation vector*. If the rotation vector is colinear with the line P₀P₁, there is no rotation: colors in the space on either side of the line P₀P₁ extend in the perpendicular direction. But if the rotation vector is not colinear, the gradient will appear to be skewed.

Reviewer: Would this be a further clarification of effect of thethe P2 rotation?

```suggestion
An additional point, P₂, is used to rotate the gradient orientation in the space on either side of the line defined by P₀ and P₁. The vector from P₀ to P₂ can be referred to as the *rotation vector*. If the rotation vector is colinear with the line P₀P₁, there is no rotation: colors in the space on either side of the line P₀P₁ extend in the perpendicular direction. But if the rotation vector is not colinear, the gradient will be drawn skewed by the angle between P₀P₁ and P₀P₂.
```

If the dot-product (P₁ - P₀) . (P₂ - P₀) is zero (or near-zero for an
implementation-defined definition) then gradient is ill-formed and nothing must
be rendered.
An additional point, p₂, is also used to rotate the gradient orientation in the space on either side of the line defined by P₀ and P₁. The vector from P₀ to P₂ can be referred to as the *rotation vector*. If the rotation vector is colinear with the line P₀P₁, there is no rotation: colors in the space on either side of the line P₀P₁ extend in the perpendicular direction. But if the rotation vector is not colinear, the gradient will appear to be skewed.

![Defining points for linear gradients](images/linear_gradients.png)
Figure 5.12 illustrates linear gradients using the three different color line extend modes and with two different rotation vectors.

*__Figure 2:__ Examples of linear gradients and their defining points with
extend modes pad, repeat and reflect (top to bottom) with color stops for blue

> at 0, yellow at 0.5 and red at 1. (Illustration generated from <a

Reviewer: The color stop definitions have gone missing in the new text.

Author: Separate PR

Author: Sorry, wasn't paying attention (that you were commenting on the figure caption).

> If the dot-product (P₁ - P₀) · (P₂ - P₀) is zero (or near-zero for an implementation-defined definition) then the gradient is ill-formed and nothing shall be rendered.

Reviewer: Let's move this up to before the illustration, as it's part of the normative text.

Author: Will do. But note: it's all normative text (unless a clause is stated to be otherwise).
